---
name: macOS
about: Report macOS issues unique to ULTMOS usage
title: "[macOS]"
labels: Bug, Pending
assignees: Coopydood

---

> [!NOTE]
> This should be used only to report a bug when running macOS **using ULTMOS**.

## Describe the Issue
Please describe your issue relating to **macOS** running under ULTMOS.

***

## Steps to Reproduce
Describe how to accurately reproduce / exhibit the issue.

***

## Expectation
What did you expect to happen instead?

***

## Screenshots
If you can, please add some screenshots showing the issue.

***

## System Information
Please enter your host system details to help contextualise the issue.

**OS:** [OS name]
**Kernel:** [full kernel version]
**Processor:** [CPU model]
**Memory:** [RAM installed in GBs]
**Graphics:** [GPU models in use with the project, if any]

***

## macOS
Please provide details of your macOS guest.

**Version:** [name or version number]

***

## ULTMOS
Please provide details of your ULTMOS repo setup.

**Version:** [vX.X.X]
**Branch:** [main / dev]

***

## AutoPilot (if applicable)
If your issue occurs during or after running AutoPilot (either with AutoPilot itself or a file generated by it), please enter the relevant info.

**Generated Script File:**
```sh
[PASTE SCRIPT HERE]
```

**Generated XML File (if applicable):**
```xml
[PASTE XML HERE]
```

**Generated Log File:**
```
[PASTE LOG HERE]
```

> [!NOTE]
> AutoPilot log files can be found in the ``logs`` folder of the repo directory.

> [!WARNING]
> If submitting the contents of generated files, remember to redact any personal information, such as user names from file paths.

***

## Additional Information
Add any other relevant information to your issue here.
